README.md, before:

# PapaJohnsCloneApi app
This web service was developed for [PapaJohnsClone web application](https://tiamatt.github.io/PapaJohnsClone) <br />
See [PapaJohnsClone repository](https://github.com/Tiamatt/PapaJohnsClone)

## Demo
Web service was deployed to Microsoft Azure Cloud <br />
Example: 
https://papajohnscloneapi.azurewebsites.net/api/item/categories
```json
[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "Desserts"
    },
    {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "Drinks"
    },
    {
        "id": 3,
        "name": "Extras"
    },
    {
        "id": 4,
        "name": "Pizza"
    },
    {
        "id": 5,
        "name": "Sides"
    }
]
```

See more information in Documentation.txt

## Features
* ASP.NET Web API
* Async/Await approach
* CORS configuration
* SSL configuration 

## Built With
* .NET Core 2.0 Framework
* Entity Framework Core 2.0
* C#
* Visual Studio 2017 

## Getting Started
Note that this project requires Visual Studio 2017 or Visual Studio Code  <br />
In order to start the project use:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/Tiamatt/PapaJohnsCloneApi
# open PapaJohnsCloneApi.sln with Visual Studio
# or open the folder with Visual Studio Code
```

Commit message:

Move web app from Microsoft Azure Cloud to SmarterAsp.Net hosting

README.md, after:

# PapaJohnsCloneApi app
This web service was developed for [PapaJohnsClone web application](https://tiamatt.github.io/PapaJohnsClone) <br />
See [PapaJohnsClone repository](https://github.com/Tiamatt/PapaJohnsClone)

## Demo
Web service was deployed to SmarterAsp.Net (moved from Microsoft Azure Cloud) <br />
Example: 
https://www.tiamatt.com/api/item/categories
```json
[
    {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "Desserts"
    },
    {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "Drinks"
    },
    {
        "id": 3,
        "name": "Extras"
    },
    {
        "id": 4,
        "name": "Pizza"
    },
    {
        "id": 5,
        "name": "Sides"
    }
]
```

See more information in Documentation.txt

## Features
* ASP.NET Web API
* Async/Await approach
* CORS configuration
* SSL configuration 

## Built With
* .NET Core 2.0 Framework
* Entity Framework Core 2.0
* C#
* Visual Studio 2017 

## Getting Started
Note that this project requires Visual Studio 2017 or Visual Studio Code  <br />
In order to start the project use:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/Tiamatt/PapaJohnsCloneApi
# open PapaJohnsCloneApi.sln with Visual Studio
# or open the folder with Visual Studio Code
```
